this is my place and this is my mom she
had also lives with me and my dad
sleeping right now but yeah okay hi mom
let's go downstairs and check my pack
the kids my old schools like might also
like my VHS right here's my first show
ever obviously see we also have like
beautiful 27 this is 27 or 24 inch
Fremont I'm gonna show you Mike little
one is my shoe collection
Peter gave me issues because he saw that
some shoes because if I've I have it and
I have a day job sometimes I'll write
paint houses so he thought my scary was
really awesome
you know added in me hey kids you didn't
know I was that fucking rat
yeah here's my pitch here this is the
world we're although I do all my writing
I got a IVM and I still put up
cartridges in you put it in and ready to
go boom so I have to worry about losing
my jokes they're always ready to go one
of the great things about being
successful Canadian comedian is I got my
own gym let's check it out boom one two
three four I do ten of these a day to
watch one two three four five six seven
eight nine 10 .
okay like I like to drink and work out
so sometimes those drink then work out
work out and drink at bar I love box
sets
anybody who knows a lot about me I know
that I love gets me to all the gigs that
I do sometimes they do like two gigs
like in a week you want to see the
inside
let me give you a tour of this baby like
I have to hide my stereo off to the side
here because I don't want no one to like
take two tickets
my air conditioning doesn't work but so
it doesn't matter because I got
there you go it's like a convertible
pretty well same thing they're really
not that different
this is amazing amazing car this is what
it's part of what I work for have did
nice things in life and this is me it
looks a little dirty but it's not as bad
as it really think it is you know that's
why I'm keeping it I like it
it's a good ride jealous work hard
though you just what you do work hard
after a long day's work and I didn't
after the gig that may not have I like
to come home and beautiful with that
it's not really bad it's kind of a
doubles as they head a couch
let's check out my wardrobe
we found a western shirt here's one of
my favorite questions is I wore it on my
TV comedy special for Jesus
my old cellphone check it out and if you
remember this their net anymore but once
I did my comedy special my TV show is
able to upgrade my new phone that I have
right now still look look at that I can
use this I can text and make calls I
think you've seen everything exceed I'm
an old son's house and this is my place
no you know what's like to be a Canadian
entertainer peace